[Intro]
[What Inspired You to Pursue Graphic Design?]
What made me want to pursue drawing is my passion for drawing, ever since I was young I loved to draw portraits
and just drawing in general, and just being creative. If I could make something at home, DIY it [Do It Yourself]
instead of going out to a store and buying it, then I would.
In my grade 12 year of high school, I knew that I wanted to pursue something creative
and when I found out graphic design was a creative field I knew that it was the path I wanted to take.
[What are some great things you’ve done to adapt to the work/school from home life?]
How I have adapted my school work from home is by getting a bigger desk,
because the desk I had before was very small, could barely fit my laptop on it.
So I for sure went to IKEA and got a huge desk that could fit all my needs.
And I also got a PC. One with larger, storage more RAM just to do my heavy duty After Effects projects on.
And I started using Trello which is a great online service where you can organize and plan projects.
I have a category for things that I need to do, that I'm currently doing and I've completed.
So that's been a great tool for me to use to organize all my responsibilities.
[Outro]